hi I'm Tim Carter from Aston Villa calm
it's a frosty day here in New Hampshire
we're driving to the job site to below
zero that's why I got the Hat on the
gloves and the jacket so I want to talk
a little bit about a really neat product
I wish was available when I used to
build everyday and it's called zip
sheathing now look at this you'll see
this brown colored product on the roof
and then down below here you see this
green well these two coatings they're
basically a plastic and it's impregnated
on regular OSB oriented strand board and
what it does when you use these products
in conjunction with a special tape they
supply a special tape like this what it
does two things
this is impervious you know water can't
get through the plastic coating and the
tape of course seals the seams so it
helps make the structure it's like a
water barrier but also it's an air
infiltration barrier if you go ahead and
tape all the seams and you see on this
particular cupola they've got the roof
ready to go for the shingles and a
four-seater on the outside corners down
here they've taped that so any seams you
want to go ahead and take care of with
the tape but the zip sheathing good
product which it was available
it saves from having to put all that
house wrap on a house so consider using
it on your next job I'm Tim Carter for
SD builder comm I hope you enjoyed that
video and found something helpful and
useful how would you like to get tips
like that for free each week in your
email box sure it's easy all you have to
do subscribe to my ask the Builder comm
newsletter look below see that link just
click it and you'll be taken to the
signup form your gonna get new tool
reviews new product reviews all sorts of
great tips and the best part it's free
if you want to discover more home
improvement tips go to ask the Builder
com
you